# uniflow-2
As first year students, new to Christ University campus 2 years ago, were spoiled for choice with the innumerable amounts of events, workshops and seminars we had access to. Our email inboxes were constantly overflowing with announcements and reminders due to the fact that activities were being held not only across the vast campus but also in the surrounding community. However, this was both a benefit and a drawback as it made browsing through the available events a laborious task. This was due to the fact that information regarding the events was buried among the dozens of emails we receive on a daily basis, and students had to manually go through all of them in order to find what they were looking for. The problem was not with the organization of these events but the last step of outreach, notifying potential attendees.

In order to address this issue, a working model known as the Universal University Event Manager Application (codenamed "Uniflow") was developed. This model is intended to be easily adopted by any university or organization, and it is envisioned that it will be utilized by students, faculty, and administration in order to organize and participate in events. 

The application is intended to be used as a mobile application; it has different tiers of access for both users and admins to their respective functionalities with the appropriate authentication. Since users have already created profiles that are linked to the student email accounts, they can register for courses with just one tap. This also gives the dual advantage of allowing the administration to be able to see live updates on their main database, even use it find trends in attendance patterns to further optimize organization,  but also to the organizers as it is built in a way the allows sandboxed access to data, through a spreadsheet, that pertains to only the event that they are organizing. This strengthens privacy and security and prevents organizers from needing access to the administrative backend. 
